hi I'm Shane with the drum Center
Portsmouth and Portsmouth New Hampshire
WW drum center NH calm this is a dinette
classic - in six and a half by 14 brass
snare drum the the to end snare with the
cold rolled hoops and the claws on them
eight logs and the four strano this drum
has really been highly anticipated and
they're really hard to get this is this
actual drum was sent to Modern Drummer
for a review in an upcoming issue and I
love these Nicole hold hoop speak they
tend has not allowed the drone to be
cranked up too much but that's kind of a
good thing because I have a tendency to
crank them up a little higher sometimes
than they should go but sometimes that
sounds good
this particular drum you know at the
higher tuning has just all kinds of
reach and even if when you back it off a
little bit it has just that perfect
amount of mid it has that sound that I
want to hear on a recording incredibly
sensitive can't say enough about it it's
great drama